Where were we
Yes! Oh my gosh, how do you feel about that one?
Like I didn't cry the first time around.
Guardians of the Galaxy. Those are silly. They're so silly.
I know. I love them. Oh! Have you seen the most recent one?
Guaurdians...guardians of (***)
I heard it's really sad. I haven't watched it.
Like a lot of (***) basically
I think I think you should watch it. I think you'll love it.
I really want to...umm..
I watched Infinity War and
Endgame and then I went back and watched the rest of them.
like we're in the same boat basically we're in the same boat but i actually won
back and watch like all the rest of them.
because like low-key i watched a lot of them last year all the way to japan
Um, on the plane, but they didn't have several I think
civil war which is what i need it's what i was missing..(***)
I watched those...but I have to
The first one? The first Avenger. That's good, that's a good one.
Have you seen my girl? She's an escalator. But um.
After I watched all of them back, I came back to the VR and N-Gage.
And I was like, wow, that really sucks because the timeline here is... So can I do spoilers?
Yeah, so the timeline is that they..
Their group gets formed.
And then, like, stuff happens. They fight people.
And then they separate. And when they separate, the next movie...
of them together of the Avengers is
Affinity War? So...
That's why they come back together to work as a team again.
but in between that they're all getting like individual stuff done but they come back together
as a team again, but then they literally just like fought.
Like really really bad because it's like 2016 to 2019
I believe Or, no, 2018.
No, 2018 was so ended.
no no 2018 isn't. They (***) you are
(***) 2026
So yeah, so basically for the last two years before Infinity War
They've all been separated. And that's why the tension is so high. It's so sad because...
They literally fought and then they come back together but only to save the world again
And then right after that, they just go right back to arguing. They never go back to being friends.
and then someone dies...or something...does someone
I some of them leave...They literally just and I was like, yeah I was so sad
I'm glad they ended it at endgame for the Avengers fans.
I am glad they ended it. Uh...but I'm gonna miss it so bad..like
Ahw! It was so cute. It was so good.
star check?
I didnt watch Star Wars. The only Star Wars movie I watched was where...
Kylo Ren and Rey kiss at the end, and then...
I was like, oh, aren't they siblings? And my dad was like, yeah, but it's Star Wars.
Haaa...it is thats very (***)
like...yeah...right
Yeah!
I don't know what it was, but I know it was another like...
movie with the same name as like another movie from 20 years ago.
(***)
It was okay, I don't remember it at all. I remember the cinematography was pretty good.
That's too much.
Which means..Star wars?
Oh! How many are there? 9? um...
Haaaa
I love Lego Star Wars games. Okay, so I'm gonna have some of that now.
Ha...Haaa...What other ladies do that?
Oh! wait wait (***)
ok...Like to be fair some of them really good..yeah
What is that?
oh this is the one you were talking about and (***)
Yeah no, I feel so like artificial
Is it like comedy?